hello there hi you to a pj porche here
again i miss you guys sorry it took me
so long to make another video I know
bungee probably thought I cut him off or
did something but I didn't what happened
was I lost my camera that i just got for
christmas break when i went to a party
so there's that but now have a new
laptop and that's funny she oh my hair
uh it's gotten Walker it's gotten a lot
longer and I like it I like it a lot um
I talked about like combining them a
little bit earlier and I decided not to
do that I like the way that they look
now and if I run into a problem down the
line I guess I can take the necessary
precautions then as opposed to right now
because I like the way they look um
speaking of the way they look see what
it looks like in the morning before I
take a shower insert clip here so this
is what your hair looks like in the
morning if you don't sleep do rap um
yeah not pretty but um those are your
days and a lot of times I just what I'll
do if I look like that is all throw a
headband on and put some spray in it and
then put my try to make them all go in
one direction and then put my shower cap
on and it'll kind of steam it and make
it all like nice inside thing but you
will have days like that if you were
thinking about getting locks and if you
are in your first and second month sure
you have a lot of things like that
apologize but um as far as my locks go
trying to think if there's any valuable
information that I could share with you
guys um
so as you can see this is what a couple
months will do to you I guess it's kind
of a good thing that I haven't been
around so that you could see the
difference because it has definitely
grown I just washed it let's bit about
two weeks since I got it done i got my
aunt to redo it for the first time i've
been doing it by myself and that was
nice because i didn't have to be all up
in my head but now I'm back to doing it
by myself so I'm going to use this it is
the best thing I've had so far I
actually when I went and bought the
stuff for the first time I would I got
mangal online and this lady gave me
these free samples and I didn't use them
until I ran out and come to find out
this is like the best product I think
out there personally and it is called
Talia wajood black earth products lock
it up and there's a website on here
anyways I'll find it and I'll get it to
you because this is a great product
again what it looks like hope you can
see that it's kind of brighten her yeah
other than that uh I think I'll get to
you during during the retwist and you
can make some videos makes them
something happen or I'll just show you
the day after after a twist but as you
can see it didn't grow you definitely
did pro and um